okay so what are we about to do the most
ridiculous Christmas lights ever your
house is crazy every year you can land
planes it's the windy peace on earth I
don't think it's is really piece it's so
bright it's ridiculous well the
spectators hi spectators of a moving
Santa movie Anna yes for you need huh
what up what up Stan a dog what'd you
take I think you like it you come see
this every year you do awesome do you
like it do this one more time seems
pretty rad yes it is my first time
seeing and she lets do you leave the way
i'm twittering you by the way canvas
it's so bright you can't even see my
reflection
jingle bell jingle bell jingle bell rock
this is what this house is it's fracking
look for spectators yeah good so many
people that's a big Santa head so I'm
saying wow it's retarded but it
wonderfully retarded Santa land yeah
this is the front yard it's like Arabian
Christmas music well they have over a
hundred thousand life makeover thanks
for your support I'm not supportin
anything I'm not giving you a merry
christmas from from robin Betty hey
Robin buddy well I'm Betty Christmas
2008 Oh someone didn't update the date
about 100,000 lights you they didn't
update it 209 okay it's okay Robin Betty
will let you slide those lazy bastards
they're so lazy any effort into
Christmas what's up Rob abidi you're
lazy and Betty stuck open Betty here so
if tradition it it's like a little
keyboard action Christmas music it's
this little tree I think no there's a
speaker somewhere
this is like the dullest part of the
house yes oh wow how boring wait let me
we'll go out oh here's the archway yes
now you're going to be on my Twitter
check it out I'll eat the peeps yep you
are going to be on Twitter and you guys
to the house from the street and this is
only one side okay this is long enough
oh my gosh is a ridiculousness and over
it out